NARRATOR:
Somewhere,
hidden amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
NARRATOR:
Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom.
[TRUMPET CALL]
Today's adventure starts
at the meadow.
[♪♪♪]
BEN:
Elf School.
Now, Princess Holly,
what's the name of this flower?
That's easy, Nanny.
It's a daisy.
Yes, yes,
an elf might call it a daisy,
but a fairy princess
would call it a Bellis perennis.
[SIGHS]
Bellis perennis.
Correct.
Now,
what is this bluebell called?
Uh, bluebell?
Oh, no, no, no.
A fairy princess
would call it
a Hyacinthoides non-scripta.
[SIGHS]
Oh, Nanny.
Nature class is so boring.
Why do I have to learn
the proper names
of all these flowers?
That is the sort of thing
a fairy princess needs to know.
Well, maybe I don't want
to be a fairy princess.
[♪♪♪]
Hi, Holly.
Hi, Ben.
Where are you going?
I'm off to Elf School.
Oh.
What do you do at Elf School?
We learn how to make toys.
That sounds fun.
It is. Elves love making toys,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BOTH GIGGLES]
I want to make toys.
Nanny, can I go
to Elf School too?
But you're not an elf.
You're a royal
fairy princess.
Oh, please, Nanny Plum.
Please, Nanny Plum,
let Holly come.
Oh, okay.
Hooray!
[BOTH GIGGLING]
But I'll come along too
just to make sure
you don't get into any mischief.
Okay. But hurry,
we can't be late for Elf School.
[GIGGLING]
We're going to Elf School.
We're going
to Elf School.
BOTH:
We're going to Elf School!
We're going
to Elf School!
BEN & HOLLY:
We're going to Elf School.
Come on. Elf School
is at the top of the tree.
Ooh.
Good morning,
boys and girls.
ALL:
Good morning, Wise Old Elf.
[NANNY PLUM CLEARS THROAT]
Ah, Nanny Plum.
Hello, Mr. Old Elf.
Hello.
Princess Holly wants to see
what elves get up to
in your little school.
Hm. Very well.
Holly may join the class.
Oh, goody. Heh.
But no magic or flying,
please.
Okay.
Holly, sit next to me.
[GIGGLING]
[WISE OLD ELF CLEARS THROAT]
No flying.
You will kindly walk.
Flying is not allowed
at Elf School.
Only because
elves can't fly.
That's right, Mistress Plum.
Elves cannot fly,
but we do have
very good hearing.
[ALL LAUGHING]
And elves are very good
at making toys.
So today,
we are going to make toys.
ALL:
Hooray!
We will carry on
from where we left off
last time.
I'm making a toy car.
I'm making a toy duck.
A toy helicopter.
A toy boat.
I'm making a toy frog.
A toy rabbit.
I'm making a robot.
Ooh.
I see that Miss Holly
does not have a toy.
That's okay.
I'll magic one.
♪ Zing, zang, zingy zoy
Magic me a little toy ♪
[GASPS]
[CHIRPING]
ALL:
Ooh.
Miss Holly,
magic is not allowed
at Elf School.
Only because
elves can't do magic.
Ahem. Elves could do magic
if they wanted to,
but elves don't do magic.
ALL:
And we're elves.
[ALL BLOWING HORNS]
[ALL LAUGHING]
Miss Holly, you can work
on this toy owl for today.
Thank you, Wise Old Elf.
And I will take
this wand for now
so that you learn
how to work the proper elf way
without magic.
Oh.
Don't worry,
you can have it back
at the end of the class.
Boys and girls,
take out your hammers
and remember
to tap gently.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, no,
I didn't meant to do that.
Don't worry, Holly,
I'll fix it.
I've still got
my magic wand.
But, Nanny, magic isn't allowed
at Elf School.
Oh, it'll be all right.
No one will notice.
♪ Nick nack nowl
Mend this owl ♪
What was that loud bang?
Uh, I think there's a bit
of a storm brewing outside.
[ALL GIGGLING]
Hm. Well, as long
as there's no magic going on.
I assure you, Mr. Old Elf,
Princess Holly
is not using magic.
Naughty Nanny Plum.
Oh, shush.
Now it's time
to paint our toys.
Remember, be very careful.
A little paint
goes a long, long way.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, bother, doing things
without magic is very hard.
Maybe you need
just a teeny tiny bit of magic.
Oh, are you sure?
Trust me.
[CLEARS THROAT]
♪ Zig zag zoy
Paint this toy ♪
Miss Holly,
are you doing magic?
[COUGHING]
No, Wise Old Elf. Not me.
Ahem. I think
it's just the storm outside.
It must be really close now.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Hm.
There's something funny
going on around here.
HOLLY:
Wise Old Elf,
what do we do next?
A good question, Holly.
Next, we wind the toys up.
[♪♪♪]
[CROAKING]
Look, it works.
Wow.
[QUACKING]
Ha, ha. Cool.
Go on, do something.
Nanny, my owl doesn't work.
Don't worry,
I'll just give it a little help.
[BOTH COUGHING]
Nanny Plum.
Have you been doing magic?
Just a teeny tiny little bit
to help things along.
You are a very naughty
fairy.
Sorry, Wise Old Elf.
[ALL LAUGHING]
We'll say no more about it.
Now, Holly, let's see
what your owl can do.
Uh, it doesn't work at all.
Mm. Maybe too much magic
went into its making.
I can fix it.
I'm very good
at mending things.
There,
that should do it.
[HOOTING]
ALL:
Hooray!
Thank you, Ben.
I did try
to do it the elf way.
Yes, Holly,
I know you did.
But it's not easy to make toys
without using magic.
It's easy for us because...
ALL:
We're elves.
[ALL BLOWING HORNS]
[ALL LAUGHING]
Now, Holly,
here's your wand back.
Thank you.
And remember, no magic
until you have left
the classroom.
Yes, Wise Old Elf.
And that goes for you too,
Nanny Plum.
Yes, Wise Old Elf.
[OWL HOOTS]
[NANNY PLUM GASPS]
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Royal Golf Course.
HOLLY:
The Royal Golf Course.
It is simple, really.
To play golf,
you just hit the ball
into the hole. There.
Is that it?
It's a bit boring.
It would be more fun
if we had little hills
to hit the ball up and down.
Knocking your ball up hills
and around corners
is called crazy golf.
That sounds great.
Please, Daddy,
can we play crazy golf?
We are playing normal golf.
[RUMBLING]
[ALL SCREAM]
Wow, where did these hills
come from?
Daddy
must have magicked them.
Thanks, Daddy.
I didn't magic these hills.
Then who did?
I don't know.
But I'm going to find out.
Wise Old Elf.
Good morning, King Thistle.
Who made these hills
on my golf course?
[GRUNTING]
A mole, Your Majesty.
[SQUEAKING]
Well, get rid of it.
We've been trying
to chase it away all morning,
Your Majesty.
Don't you know how to get rid
of moles, Wise Old Elf?
Uh, no.
Then who does?
Nanny Plum.
She can talk to it.
She speaks
all animal languages.
Of course.
Nanny!
Yes, Your Majesty?
Ah, Nanny Plum, you talk
to animals, don't you?
Yes, Your Majesty.
Then can you tell this mole
to leave my golf course?
Uh, no, Your Majesty.
What?
I can't speak mole.
It's one of the more difficult
animal languages.
Along with aardvark.
Well, can't you use magic
to get rid of the mole?
There is one magical method
to get rid of moles,
but unfortunately,
it uses a gnome.
What's that?
A gnome, Your Majesty,
is a sort of elf.
With a big tummy.
What? Gnomes are
nothing like elves.
They eat too much,
talk too much,
and never do any work.
I don't care what you use,
just get rid of that mole.
Okay, I'll
fetch us a gnome.
Where am I?
Hello, Mr. Gnome.
I've called you here
to get rid of some moles.
It will be my pleasure.
♪ I like trees
They're not like peas ♪
♪ Custard creams or goo ♪
♪ I'll sing my song
And strum along ♪
♪ With a fol-di-dol-di-doo ♪
Well, that was easy,
wasn't it?
Thank you, Gnome.
How much do I owe you?
Oh, I'm not finished yet,
Your Majesty.
If I go now,
the mole will come back.
What?
Then you must stay.
As long as it takes.
Of course.
Getting rid of moles
uses a lot of energy,
and my tummy
is very empty.
Nanny Plum,
get this gnome some food.
Very well, Your Majesty.
A sack of cheese sandwiches
with a bucket of tea.
I say,
you are hungry.
I will also need
some workers.
Absolutely.
Wise Old Elf, I command you
to do
whatever the gnome says.
As you wish.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Not at all.
Just let me know
when you're finished
so I can play my golf.
Of course, Your Royalness.
[CLEARS THROAT]
I am the Wise Old Elf.
I look after
this Royal Golf Course
and my knowledge of it
is second to none.
Can you use a shovel?
Uh, yes.
Good. The first job
is to flatten these hills.
My name's Ben.
And I'm Princess Holly,
but you can call me Holly.
That's nice.
You can call me Mr. Gnome.
I need a deck chair
and a fishing rod.
Why do you need a fishing rod
on a golf course?
So I can pretend to fish.
Pretend to fish?
Moles don't like it
when I pretend to fish.
Now quick,
before the mole comes back.
[♪♪♪]
Abracadabra,
cheese sandwiches.
One bucket of tea.
Nanny Plum, Nanny Plum.
Mr. Gnome needs a deck chair
and a fishing rod quickly.
So he can pretend to fish.
Oh, dear,
I thought this might happen.
We have flattened all the hills,
so, um, goodbye.
Thank you, Wise Old Elf.
I will also be needing
a windmill.
What?
A working windmill
is a very difficult thing
to build.
Ooh,
it mustn't actually work.
No. Just pretend,
but with sails that go round.
Oh, all right.
Sandwiches, tea.
Deck chair and fishing rod.
Most kind.
[SNORING]
[REPEATED THUMPING ON WOOD]
What's that noise?
Wise Old Elf,
what are you doing?
We're building
a pretend windmill
for the gnome.
A pretend
windmill?
Yes.
It mustn't actually work.
It's just silly.
But it looks fun.
Can Holly and I help you?
Oh. Yes, please.
Now we can fix the sails.
[SNORING]
BOTH:
Finished.
[SNORING]
Ooh. Argh.
Is it dinner time already?
Not really.
Could you get me
a bucket of custard
and a big jar of pickles,
please. Ooh.
And some plastic flowers.
You're going
to eat plastic flowers?
No. That would be silly.
They go with the windmill.
Ah. Good work,
Wise Old Elf.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Finally,
I will need a little bridge.
What?
A plastic well
and a little picket fence.
So he wants
a bucket of custard
and a big jar of pickles?
Yes.
Hm. I knew it.
I should never
have used a gnome.
What's wrong with gnomes?
[SIGHS]
They make everyone else work
while they just eat
and sleep.
Grumbling again, Nanny?
I say,
are we going on a picnic?
No, Daddy,
this is food for Mr. Gnome.
What are we going to eat
for dinner, Nanny?
There's no food left,
Your Majesty.
The gnome has eaten it all.
Nanny, remember that Mr. Gnome
needs plastic flowers too.
Plastic flowers?
They go with the windmill.
Windmill?
I'd better see
what this gnome is up to.
[SNORING]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Oh. Argh.
Thank you, Wise Old Elf.
I couldn't have done
a better job myself.
Oh, look.
A pretty bridge.
KING THISTLE:
I can see you've certainly
been working hard, Gnome.
Yes, Your Kingliness.
So when will it be safe
for you to leave?
Oh, well, I don't think
it ever will be, Your Royalness.
What?
I might have
to stay here forever.
But what about my golf?
I won't get in your way.
But you are in my way.
Oh, custard and pickles.
[BURPS THEN SNORES]
I can't play golf
with all this stuff around.
I know.
We can play crazy golf.
Yes, crazy golf.
This crazy golf is much better
than the other kind.
Yes. Heh, heh, heh.
Daddy, do you want us
to teach you
how to play crazy golf?
It's fun.
Oh, okay.
What do I do?
Just hit the ball
through the little windmill
and into the hole.
Ho-ho-ho.
Ha-ha-ha, this is fun.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]